about.md, before:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: Museology of Works on Paper
    subtitle: In Academia and Museums
    content: |
      text
    actions: []
    image_alt: Marketing Playbook preview
    media_position: left
    media_width: fourty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: none
  - type: grid_section
    title: Selected Works
    align: center
    grid_items:
      - image: images/adorable-apple.jpeg
        image_alt: Logo 1
        image_align: center
      - image: images/greenwich.png
        image_alt: Logo 2
        image_align: center
      - image_alt: Logo 3
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-4.svg
        image_alt: Logo 4
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-5.svg
        image_alt: Logo 5
        image_align: center
      - image_alt: Logo 6
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-7.svg
        image_alt: Logo 7
        image_align: center
    grid_cols: four
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: medium
  - type: grid_section
    title: Who Should Read This Book?
    grid_items:
      - content: |-
          #### Marketers
           - Learn how all of the marketing pieces fit together
           - Master digital marketing for any business
           - Get access to marketing gurus and their tips
           - Prepare killer presentations and collateral
      - content: |-
          #### Designers
           - Gain big picture insights that affect design
           - Learn how your design can inspire action
           - Make advertisements that convert
           - Create digital assets for the right audience
      - content: |-
          #### Business owners
           - Kickstart your marketing plan and efforts
           - Upgrade your brand, website and social media
           - Prepare effective collateral for your business
           - Start advertising your company online
      - content: |-
          #### Product managers
           - Understand the context of your product work
           - Learn how to segment your audience properly
           - Implement brand voice and style in your work
           - Connect top of funnel activities with your flow
    grid_cols: two
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: primary
    background_image: images/background.jpg
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_opacity: 10
  - type: features_section
    features:
      - title: What’s Inside
        subtitle: 'Brandon Guidelines, Marketing Guru'
        content: |-
          **Marketing in the real world** is very different than what we learn
          at school. If you've recently graduated and are making your first
          steps in the business, it's imperative that you know how to use the
          tools and tricks of the trade.


          > **The world of marketing has changed dramatically in the last 10
          years. Those who understand it, will succeed. But those who stay
          behind, will have a lot to catch up on.”**


          In this book I will teach you everything I know about B2B marketing.
          From branding, marketing planning, content creation, SEO and PPC, to
          segmenting your audience and understanding today's metrics and
          analytics methodologies — this guide is the only marketing education
          you'll ever need.
        image: images/brandon-guidelines.jpg
        image_alt: Brandon Guidelines Photo
        media_position: right
        media_width: fourty
    feature_padding_vert: small
    align: center
    background_color: none
  - type: cta_section
    title: Sign me up for updates
    actions:
      - label: sign-up
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
    actions_position: bottom
    align: center
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
    background_image: images/background-2.jpg
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_opacity: 10
seo:
  title: Stackbit Book Theme
  description: The preview of the Book theme
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Stackbit Book Theme
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: The preview of the Book theme
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/book-preview.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Stackbit Book Theme
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: The preview of the Book theme
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/book-preview.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---

Commit message:

about.md: updated content in sections

about.md, after:

---
title: Home
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: Museology of Works on Paper
    subtitle: In Academia and Museums
    content: >
      I like prints. Currently, I catalogue and research them, or create
      exhibitions at the Kupferstich @ Berlin. Before I studied them: how their
      collections came to be in Italy @ IMT Lucca. Or I write about them @
      Grafica d 'Arte. 
    actions: []
    image_alt: Marketing Playbook preview
    media_position: left
    media_width: fourty
    align: left
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: none
  - type: grid_section
    title: Selected Works
    align: center
    grid_items:
      - image: images/adorable-apple.jpeg
        image_alt: Logo 1
        image_align: center
      - image: images/greenwich.png
        image_alt: Logo 2
        image_align: center
      - image_alt: Logo 3
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-4.svg
        image_alt: Logo 4
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-5.svg
        image_alt: Logo 5
        image_align: center
      - image_alt: Logo 6
        image_align: center
      - image: images/logo-7.svg
        image_alt: Logo 7
        image_align: center
    grid_cols: four
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: medium
  - type: grid_section
    title: Who Should Read This Book?
    grid_items:
      - content: |-
          #### Marketers
           - Learn how all of the marketing pieces fit together
           - Master digital marketing for any business
           - Get access to marketing gurus and their tips
           - Prepare killer presentations and collateral
      - content: |-
          #### Designers
           - Gain big picture insights that affect design
           - Learn how your design can inspire action
           - Make advertisements that convert
           - Create digital assets for the right audience
      - content: |-
          #### Business owners
           - Kickstart your marketing plan and efforts
           - Upgrade your brand, website and social media
           - Prepare effective collateral for your business
           - Start advertising your company online
      - content: |-
          #### Product managers
           - Understand the context of your product work
           - Learn how to segment your audience properly
           - Implement brand voice and style in your work
           - Connect top of funnel activities with your flow
    grid_cols: two
    grid_gap_horiz: medium
    grid_gap_vert: large
    align: center
    background_color: primary
    background_image: images/background.jpg
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_opacity: 10
  - type: features_section
    features:
      - title: What’s Inside
        subtitle: 'Brandon Guidelines, Marketing Guru'
        content: |-
          **Marketing in the real world** is very different than what we learn
          at school. If you've recently graduated and are making your first
          steps in the business, it's imperative that you know how to use the
          tools and tricks of the trade.


          > **The world of marketing has changed dramatically in the last 10
          years. Those who understand it, will succeed. But those who stay
          behind, will have a lot to catch up on.”**


          In this book I will teach you everything I know about B2B marketing.
          From branding, marketing planning, content creation, SEO and PPC, to
          segmenting your audience and understanding today's metrics and
          analytics methodologies — this guide is the only marketing education
          you'll ever need.
        image: images/brandon-guidelines.jpg
        image_alt: Brandon Guidelines Photo
        media_position: right
        media_width: fourty
    feature_padding_vert: small
    align: center
    background_color: none
  - type: cta_section
    title: Sign me up for updates
    actions:
      - label: sign-up
        url: /pricing
        style: primary
    actions_position: bottom
    align: center
    padding_top: large
    padding_bottom: large
    background_color: primary
    background_image: images/background-2.jpg
    background_image_repeat: no-repeat
    background_image_size: cover
    background_image_opacity: 10
seo:
  title: Stackbit Book Theme
  description: The preview of the Book theme
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Stackbit Book Theme
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: The preview of the Book theme
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/book-preview.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Stackbit Book Theme
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: The preview of the Book theme
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/book-preview.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---
